TinyBRL
=======

TinyBRL is a C++ open-source library for bayesian reinforcement learning. For more information, you can visit the official [wiki](http://www.montefiore.ulg.ac.be/~mcastron/tinybrl-wiki/index.php) or our [website](http://www.montefiore.ulg.ac.be/~mcastron/index.html).


1.2.1
 - Minor change in ‘TinyBRL-DDS’ manual.

1.2
 - Switch 'MDPException' to 'AgentException' in Agents (and its derived classes)
 - Add 'AgentException' and 'MDPException' to 'dds::simulate()' function.
 - Allow the UCB1 algorithm to discard any arm for which an std::exception has been thrown when it has been drawn.
 - Added an optional method 'freeData()' to the Agents. This method will be called when the Agent has finished to interact with the current MDP, offering the opportunity to free unnecessary data (useful when dealing with OPPS-DS which has to keep an instance of all Agents of the set of candidate strategies).
 - Revision on error case in 'learningOffline_aux()' of several agents (when an Agent only support Dirchlet distributions as a prior).
 - Options '--backup_frequency' and '--refresh_frequency' are expressed in seconds (it was in milliseconds previously).
 - Move 'Formula' package into 'utils' package ('Formula' is not serializable anymore).
 - Minor change in agents' names for 'OPPSDSAgent' & 'OPPSCSAgent'.
 - Split the variables used by 'FormulaAgent' in indepedent classes: 'QMean', 'QSelf', 'QUniform' (integrated in dds namespace).

1.1
 - Remove 'counters' parameter for:    EGreedyAgentFactory/SoftMaxAgentFactory/VDBEEGreedyAgentFactory. Those AgentFactory uses the mean model of the distribution used to initialize them instead of generating it through counters.
 - Add 'Formula' package. Provide management of formulas, obtained by combining operators, variables and constants (see 'Formula.h' for more details).
 - Complete header description for pointer management (if an object is passed by pointer, the destructor description will state if this object will be released in the process).
 - Modfied how the time is rendered in latex tables generated by 'TinyBRL-export' (the time is rounded to make reading easier).
 - FormulaAgent added (only support formulas using 3 variables).
 - Add a new mode to 'TinyBRL-DDS' (--formula_set_generation). Used to generate a set of formulas (e.g. for FormulaAgent).
 - OPPS-DS modified to identify the best agent in a discrete set of FormulaAgent (defined through a set of formulas using 3 variables).

1.0.1
 - Memory optimization for 'TinyBRL-export'.
 - Minor bug fixed in Agents names. (BAMCPAgent/EGreedyAgent/SoftMaxAgent/VDBEEGreedyAgent)
 - Add support of short names for MDPDistributions (IMDPDistribution, MDPDistribution, DirMultiDistribution).
 - Add usage of short distribution names in AgentFactories. (EGreedyAgentFactory/SoftMaxAgentFactory/VDBEEGreedyAgentFactory)

1.0
 - Initial release
